Connection Package: Create a readme (#13047)
Automattic/jetpack: packages/connection/README.md

# Connection

*Currently a work in progress*

> This package will eventually give other plugins the ability to connect to WordPress.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package will eventually give other plugins the ability to create a secure two-way communication path between  the plugin and WordPress.com. 
* It currently relies on the full Jetpack plugin to work 
* It does not, nor will it come with UI

Follow the "Jetpack DNA" label to keep up with ongoing work.
```
